## Aster teaches Jack
Jack let Aster down upon him. And they lay intimately. Uninhibitedly they pressed their lips together; a physical connection became greater as Aster only gradually guided his hand onto Jack's leg. And subsequently he slowly neared the bulge of his pants. From Jack a prolonged moan was elicited. Aster gripped it. He found it was very firm. And suddenly Jack stole Aster's hand in his own. "Let me have a little fun with you, mate," Aster said. "I'm so nervous," replied Jack. As they stopped moving it was evident that Jack shook. "Oh, come on, Frost, don't worry now. I'll worry about it for you." said Aster eagerly. Jack gave no reply to this ut only continued kissing Aster. Jack continuing to hold his hand, Aster clenched his member more strongly, groping Jack. He lifted himself up to his knees to straddle him. Leaning into his neck, he said, "Are you shaking, mate?" Feeling Aster's breath against it, Jack moaned, his eyes forced closed at the sensitivity of his body... or the stimulation of Aster's touch. In a superposition of willingness and reluctance, Jack released his hand. Aster kissed his neck. And again he kissed his neck. He began to suck on the soft, pale skin, only lightly. In his ear, Aster heard Jack's breathing. He continued and Jack yet moaned. On his side he felt Jack's grip. Diverting from holding Jack's bulge, Aster placed himself on Jack's body again. He pushed his hips against Jack's and rubbed them on him. He reached his hand under Jack's sweatshirt, up along his stomach and to his chest. He gently rubbed his nipple. Aster progressively pushed harder into Jack's hips and found himself blushing. Jack pushed too against Aster and wrapped his arms around him. Their legs became interwoven. Aster moaned. And did Jack in turn. Aster pressed his lips against Jack's. Yet they moaned, intimate. In a moment their eyes met as they withdrew their lips. Aster rolled the two of them onto their side, continually staring into Jack. Aster slid his hand gently downward. Jack's eyelids closed slightly. Aster only teased him as he ran over his leg with fingers barely touching his skin. Jack became tense as the hand repeatedly passed near his cock. He kissed him once on the lips. "Good frostbite," he said. Jack looked away, retreating into himself. Aster approached nearer... and then met with Jack in closest contact. Jack did not breathe but only in short, distant breaths. Aster felt it along its length. It pulsated in his hand as he put his fingers around it; Jack felt his heart pulsating. Though not shaking now, he felt as though he did. He turned to Aster to find eyes fixated upon his. Aster caused him to moan once again. Again he moaned. Jack closed his eyes and entrusted himself forward. Aster took him by the lips. He sat up between Jack's knees, beginning on his pants. They came down to his knees and Jack's cock was evident through his underwear. Jack sat himself up in turn upon Aster's lap, wrapping his legs around him. Aster played with Jack again, grabbing his bulge, as hard as a rock by this point. Aster's heart rate increased in anticipation. They kissed. And Aster reached in and gripped Jack's cock again. Aster withdrew from his lips and pulled off Jack's shirt. And Aster himself took off his shirt. Jack placed his hand on Aster's breast; they kissed each other again. This endured for some time, as Jack was patient. And indeed Aster was patient. An experience they shared only between themselves which made them as one... was what they began. For in the next moments, something pulled closer them than their tangible bodies. And neither suffocated nor felt uncomfortable. Jack's pants were pulled away. Aster grabbed hold of his erection. He stroked it upward and squeezed around its head. "Oh," Jack uttered tautly. He was then breathless. Aster stroked him back down, looking into his eyes, though they were directed away. He reddened in the face before the sight of Jack in his unstable state and breathing in the same manner as before. He then stroked it up and down only slowly. Jack began to quietly moan and turned into Aster's vision. They looked into each other. Jack took his hand to his mouth and looked down. Aster took it away and said, "Frost, those noises you make..." Jack nodded and allowed himself this release. Aster pressed his lips to Jack's, increasing the pace of his hand. He felt Jack's moans. When he pulled away, Aster put his fingers on his tongue and wet them profusely. Jack slipped his fingers in the waist of Aster's pants. "You're just fine, mate," said Aster. He began again stroking Jack's cock at a faster pace than before. Jack grew to comfort as Aster assured him. And he grew to elevation as he felt he was drifting from himself... slowly. But Aster was so near... and nearer. And nearer came Jack. He felt himself coming nearer. He cried out. Aster placed his hand upon the center of Jack's back and pulled him closer. Jack kissed Aster on his lips. He looked directly to him. He cried out again to Aster, who put his forehead against that of Jack. Their eyes closed; inside the two opened. Jack came suddenly. His breathing was quick, evident; white fluid of Jack escaped rapidly and onto the two of them, dripping slowly as it covered either of them. Jack breathed in... and out. And did Aster. And Jack did the same. "That was unbearably hot, Frostbite."
