## My pet
One time I rejected my human. He turned away and walked out, so I turned away. But I only saw another wall. It was purely white. But I saw it. And on another side there was a wall. On the fourth side, a wall. Each a wall. Each side. A ceiling too, as I already had known. A floor too, as I had known, rationally. A white room. Quiet. But not peaceful nonetheless. Simple. Simple in only one sense. Not simple to me.

If it were simple, it would not be that we in Earth's gravity accelerated at 9.81 meters per second per second in the direction of its center of mass. Continually I stood with a force of 441 newtons. Each of my extremities continually exerted a force of 110 newtons. And if I was breathing happily, the air pressure was 100 kilopascals. Though I could crush with force per square unit of 35 times that, my bite was not enough to crush air. Not enough to kill any of this around me. And additionally I couldn't have reasonably well borne down upon any inside face of a rectangular prism considering the degree to which I could open my mouth. And neither could I ably apply a reasonable force upon the walls with any other part of my body, nor the floor. Certainly not the ceiling. Reason bit me though. Eventually I died. Reason killed me. Subjective everything. Everything subjective. Subjective my existence to my mind. My mind subjective my existence? To what can I attribute a consciousness?

My head ceased. But my body felt and felt pain. And suddenly everything turned to pain. My heart raced. My world spun. My thoughts cut up to intangible small pieces that fell through the smallest spaces between the matter of my hand. A thought that amounted to nothing amounted to closed lips. Zenith wasn't. Forward. Backward. Moving. Up quark. Down quark. Proton. Isn't it strange that that which you strike with confusion is not that which it is, but the repellent force of your electrons near its electrons? I couldn't find the door suddenly.

I could have bitten myself. I nearly missed the air and left a scratch upon myself. Aside from this I should have quit. Or forgotten this. Abstraction? Rationality? Subjective? Stop fucking saying that. Stop it.

You can only run in a circle as long as you feel you have a reason. And though I coped with movement and activity, I stopped myself with enough denial to burn yourself with. It didnt matter whether I had coped. Nothing in the endpoint was seen for long distances of walking and sprinting.
Until I realized I wasn't dead. Because I was he.
