## Ronnie &mdash; Awoken
Like a dream he woke himself in a hospital, a white clean hospital. Sheer uncanny. He stepped quickly out of the emergency room. He lifted his shirt and felt the incision, long across his abdomen. Stitched closed, it would seem to him as though he might try to open it. But it wasn’t bandaged. Down along the corridor there were multiple rooms, few doors open. Seeing no familiar faces in the first few he continued to peer inside them. Some faces he did not see. Some rooms were empty. Most were asleep. Suddenly his hands were cold. He held it against the gash on his stomach, as it felt warmer. Then he walked faster, hoping to find someone. Then he had no face. The one he found was faceless. But he was awake. But not moving. And breathing, but without lungs. He walked slower, away from the doorway. Then he turned towards the ER and ran. Each step accumulated upon him, vision sharpened, hearing his feet and the ambience of whispering voices. He took his hand from his stomach, his arms pushing him to sprint. Faster yet he passed the ER and faster. And faster he reached the end of the corridor at a flying speed. His feet levitated and he threw forward, arms out against the window and shattering it. His body passed through the threshold at the speed of his sprint. Looking nowhere, he retreated into nothing.
At once he was on the ground, across green grass, bleeding, skin torn barely upon his abdomen. He held his hand against it once more, as yet it’d close. Soon he did nothing but lay. Dirtied and tasting dirt. He left.
